overload that is to the left of there
it turns out here to extract there
no turning left
turn he is there the same sign only and
she hangs saw the net later
a cop on such
stand on the sidewalk and catches such here
violators then there is an accident the situation is already
ballad
you can already say they could already be
there only then they are there
fine but of course nobody there
fines country and amide protocol nobody
there doesn't get everything there for a month
it turns out
everything is in place everything is healthier on
so what if you have to stand next
twist to rotate it did not nobody
I think so
and I'll either rock the whistle here
can't
then it costs
look here recently
why aren't they all dirty more than once
dirty dirty
clean numbers normal readable
readable types I can read, see in
Ramazh 137 Sergey Nikolaev 20 years
give a note come on now what could
count visually attire is limp
same car let's go through nothing
scary no creation on capture
calculate reads also just have one
we are 13 15 16 I even see with glasses
no well you are interested in the face you obviously
spree more let the man her house
help us and my now there is no
let's hand over soaked
compare why here so stand on my kim
wash well let's still so you give him
can so eliminate but think will help on
loot all the woods with the driver you communicate with
you
let me defender allow I will
his protector you can't ban
and of course let's check what material
the right-back is not for them any
human rights no sign accelerates
wave on you wait for him I don’t know
I know okay guys there is still a cook sign
movement just right all the evidence
at 1 m to provide by let's
let's see what not to worry all
ok what, no money needed
give the most house nothing for it scary
No, well, the number to the tap over the dresser or
attacks on the lobe Nitsche terrible
where
only in the face here
Now let's look at the camera as I think
cameras camera have conducted proves
how to get your man a wreath under the order
man to man driver as budto to
link I do not have to go anywhere
finished and then I'm at your full time
yarn go to the police will have
times a defender with a driver by a defender
he agrees with the person
cops where to go
nowhere
we know what you are doing here say
than we do here
you want to tell me that you want
tell me what kind of security
traffic or something yes no of course
if you were a stock room you got out
there he is over there in front of the crossroads but
I have no desire with you I know that here
no such way I will not let you build people
what a little
Jack a little bit wrong down I am not mistaken
knowing power
here is the maximum that our transport and door
again
serious scary wow wanna
you will be withdrawn that will not be necessary I wanted
climb on the umbrella the day in the network is not started
a machine
And how many meters above these carval from
cars move away from ford
white cat decide something that's right too
no need to communicate of course no need stand
watch out for security not me to with
I want to talk with me
do you want the public emperor at all
now
well we were there no I will raise
bone pierces and everything but man sings
next you really want a horse
man let's go there are no questions
there is no question here for a month
obstacles in the performance of their service
that way just
so the conversation I did it
finish and what are you offering me
glue up my mouth maybe i need i can't
in general can you and the driver well
communicates with the driver
just how to worry not of course
policeman show works like
to work
what are your janitor like
you can remove the review in Russian
there can be no give and can not be
can't
something will be his friend's later
still give the machine everything is fine
dear from the track leaving here perfectly
see and that ta that let's scare him
fine not fine for warned all
man right how good now people
look at you say u from well done
police warning deals
how well the right analysis of different here
what warning is involved
warn check all drive checked
fine fine everything can i not cry
no penalty if you fasten your belt at all
you will be good and serious
hard seriously yes close always well
box and mate waste is always self
yourself but everyone will not complain about you
he will thank you for 16